all right in this edition we're gonna be
showing you is a quick way to have
detail morph targets and layers all
working in conjunction with each other
so what usually do is divide your model
up a few times and then make sure you've
divided it all the way to whatever your
max Ram can handle so right now I could
probably get away with dividing it one
more time but for a quick video purposes
I'm just gonna leave it right here and
I'll say new layer okay and what I can
do here is just go into the standard
brush in let's make some pretty fine
details just just ridiculous things
some atypical sockets where maybe some
pseudo horns would play into effect
okay and then maybe I'll add a new layer
to it and on this layer you know I would
concentrate after I would do all this
fancy stuff in here I would concentrate
on maybe using some kind of alpha to
produce some skin turn my radio fall-off
up mi is the intensity all the way down
to like six and drag rectangle
and symmetry on okay the point here is
maybe I would just want to go over the
intok of everything and not minding the
details
okay like this stuff right here just
gonna go right over the top of it okay
what I can do here is use morph targets
in conjunction with this so now I have
it on a layer what I can do is go down
to morph targets turning that layer off
and store morph target I then can go
back up to the layer go like this and
then go to the morphe brush with add-on
and just brush that stuff out
you
just like that and the same with the
head let's say I turn off both of these
to leave my morph target now and store a
new morph target turn both of these back
on which you can see that it still stays
okay and now I can go in and maybe take
the morphe brush and maybe I don't like
it here maybe I want to just cut that
back just a little bit
or I can just eliminate it altogether
just like that so very very very quick
and powerful way to go in and edit your
items and edit your skin and horns and
whatever you want to put on your
character real quick using layers and
morph targets enjoy